general
What's wrong with your face?
Look at this.
Why are there so many acne on the general's face?
Uncle, you are still thin-skinned.
Why do you still have acne at an age?
That's funny.
Hahaha
It's not my face that's dead again, it's the impact?
I itch! Oops!
How did it go?
Is it painful?
These big cocks are just in time
It looks beautiful.
But it's not over yet.
Hey, don't panic, General
Here are the herbs, there is a panacea
This medicine is for treating
Red poison with this highly poisonous thing
General, please move to the back hall to take medicine.
How can you be so kind?
I don't mind him.
Hey.
Hey, so comfortable
That's what it feels like.
Hey hey hey give me some give me some
Oh, dear.
Ah well, oops general
Your prosperous face
Can't fold on this little red-bellied chair
Try it on.